README.md, before:

squid Genesis Kit
=================

FIXME: The kit author should have filled this in with details about
what this is, and what it provides. But they have not, and that is sad.
Perhaps a GitHub issue should be opened to remind them of this?

Quick Start
-----------

To use it, you don't even need to clone this repository! Just run
the following (using Genesis v2):

```
# create a squid-deployments repo using the latest version of the squid kit
genesis init --kit squid

# create a squid-deployments repo using v1.0.0 of the squid kit
genesis init --kit squid/1.0.0

# create a my-squid-configs repo using the latest version of the squid kit
genesis init --kit squid -d my-squid-configs
```

Once created, refer to the deployment repo's README for information on creating

Features
-------

FIXME: The kit author should have filled this in with details
about what features are defined, and how they affect the deployment. But they
have not, and that is sad. Perhaps a GitHub issue should be opened to remind
them of this?

Params
------

FIXME: The kit author should have filled this in with details about the params
present in the base kit, as well as each feature defined. These should likely
be in different sections (one for base, one per feature). Unfortunately,
the author has not done this, and that is sad. Perhaps a GitHub issue
should be opened to remind them of this?

Cloud Config
------------

FIXME: The kit author should have filled in this section with details about
what cloud config definitions this kit expects to see in play and how to
override them. Also useful are hints at default values for disk + vm sizing,
scaling considerations, and other miscellaneous IaaS components that the deployment
might require, like load balancers.

Commit message:

Modernize the Squid Kit
This commit modernizes the Squid kit to work well with Genesis 2.6
features and functionalities.  Primarily, this involves a heavier
emphasis on kit-provided hooks to do heavy lifting.

- Genesis 2.6.0 is the minimum version supported by this kit now.

- The `info` hook provides information about accessing the deployed
  proxy, including the environment variables that need set.

- Exodus data is now provided, for integration with other deployments.

- The `new` and `blueprint` hooks replace a lot of stuff that was in
  kit.yml (params and friends), while removing the complexity of the
  subkit decomposition.

- The `addon` hook provides for kit-specific functionality like
  testing the proxy for through connectivity.

- The `post-deploy` hook gives the operator a gentle nudge in the
  direction of _next steps_.

README.md, after:

squid Genesis Kit
=================

The **Squid Proxy Genesis Kit** deploys a Squid HTTP/HTTPS proxy
which you (and your deployments) can use for accessing HTTP
resources on other networks, like the public Internet, without
having direct access.

Quick Start
-----------

To use it, you don't even need to clone this repository! Just run
the following (using Genesis v2):

```
# create a squid-deployments repo using the latest version of the squid kit
genesis init --kit squid

# create a squid-deployments repo using v1.0.0 of the squid kit
genesis init --kit squid/1.0.0

# create a my-squid-configs repo using the latest version of the squid kit
genesis init --kit squid -d my-squid-configs
```

Once created, refer to the deployment repo's README for information on creating

Cloud Config
------------

By default, Squid uses the following VM types/networks from your
cloud config. Feel free to override them in your environment, if
you would rather they use entities already existing in your cloud
config:

```
params:
  network: squid
  vm_type: default
```

Learn More
----------

For more in-depth documentation, check out the [manual][1].

[1]: MANUAL.md
